arduino: add page (#5389)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/arduino.md

# arduino

> > Arduino Studio - Integrated Development Environment for Arduino boards.

Reviewer: This might be more accurate.
```suggestion
> Arduino Studio - Integrated Development Environment for the Arduino platform.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/arduino/Arduino/blob/master/build/shared/manpage.adoc>.

- Build a sketch:

`arduino --verify {{path/to/file.ino}}`

- Build and upload a sketch:

`arduino --upload {{path/to/file.ino}}`

- Build and upload a sketch to an Arduino Nano with an Atmega328p CPU, connected on port `/dev/ttyACM0`:

`arduino --board {{arduino:avr:nano:cpu=atmega328p}} --port {{/dev/ttyACM0}} --upload {{path/to/file.ino}}`

- Set the preference `name` to a given `value`:

`arduino --pref {{name}}={{value}}`

> - Build a sketch, put the build results in the build directory an reuse any previous build results in that directory:

Reviewer: typo?
```suggestion
- Build a sketch, put the build results in the build directory, and reuse any previous build results in that directory:
```
